feat: Simple GKE modules for ADC (#2397)
terraform-google-modules/terraform-google-kubernetes-engine: examples/gke_autopilot_cluster/README.md

# GKE Autopilot Cluster

> This example creates a GKR private Autopilot clusterwith beta features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a GKE private Autopilot cluster with beta features.
```
